FEAT allow RFE(CV) be used with `pemutation_importance` (#32251)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/upcoming_changes/sklearn.feature_selection/32251.feature.rst

- :class:`feature_selection.RFE` and :class:`feature_selection.RFECV`
  now support the use of :func:`permutation_importance` as an :attr:`importance_getter`.
  When a callable, and when it can accept it, the :attr:`importance_getter` will be passed
  :attr:`feature_indices` along the fitted estimator.
  The attribute :attr:`feature_indices` stores the index of the features from the full dataset
  that have not been eliminated yet.

>   This allows methods like :func:`permutation_importance` to extract the relevant features
>   from its test set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This allows methods like :func:`permutation_importance` and similar tools to
  iteratively extract the previously selected features from a test set.
```

Author: yeah I realized it was not very clear so I planned to change it to: 
"  This allows methods that need a test set, like :func:`permutation_importance`, to know which
  features of to use in their predictions."
